Real User Monitoring Monitor Edit (#14699)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/create/types/real_user_monitoring.md

5. Add multiple queries and apply formulas and functions (optional):

    * **Multiple queries**: Click **Add Query** to analyze multiple different sets of RUM data in relation to each other.
    * **Formulas and functions**: After adding your desired queries, click the **Add Function** icon to add a mathematical computation. The example below calculates the error rate on a cart page using the formula `(a/b)*100`.

>    {{< img src="monitors/monitor_types/rum/rum_multiple_queries_2.png" alt="Multiple queries and formulas in the search" style="width:80%;" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   {{< img src="monitors/monitor_types/rum/rum_multiple_queries_2.png" alt="The monitor configuration page for a monitor titled Error rate on cart page. The monitor has two queries, with the first query labeled a scoped over Application Id, View Path, Type, and Error Count, using a count of everything and grouped by everything, the second query labeled b scoped over Application Id, View Path, and Type, using a count of everything and grouped by everything.  The add formula section includes the formula (a/b)*100, and there is a line of data in the graph" style="width:80%;" >}}
```
